README.md, before:

# Worst Film
[The Golden Raspberry Awards](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_Raspberry_Awards) is a parody award show honoring the worst of cinematic under-achievements.

---

## Description of project

this project is responsible for reading the cvs file and saving in database and getting the producer with the longest gap between two consecutive awards, and what
won two awards faster.

---

## Technologies
Below the main technologies in this project.
```yaml
1. JDK Version latest
2. SpringBoot Version 3.0
3. Apache Maven Version 3.8
4. H2 database Version 2.1.214

```

---

## Getting Started

1. clone this project 
2. in the project's main folder, Running a Maven build via the command line bellow.

```yaml
1- mvn clean install
```

## Run the project
Go to the *class*: Main.class right button and run

##  Running the test
It is also possible to just run the test phases of the Maven life cycle.
using the command line bellow:
```yaml
mvn test
```

## Links
## GET
`Up is reponsable for reading the cvs file and saving in database.` [Up](#http:localhost:8080/up) <br/>
`worst-film is reponsable verify the consecutive winners and get longest gap between two consecutive awards. ` [worst-film](#http:localhost:8080/worst-film) <br/>

Commit message:

I fixed the README.md with more information about the project.

README.md, after:

# Worst Film
[The Golden Raspberry Awards](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_Raspberry_Awards) is a parody award show honoring the worst of cinematic under-achievements.

---

## Description of project

this project is responsible for reading the cvs file and saving in database and getting the producer with the longest gap between two consecutive awards, and what
won two awards faster.

---

## Technologies
Below the main technologies in this project.
```yaml
1. JDK Version latest
2. SpringBoot Version 3.0
3. Apache Maven Version 3.8
4. H2 database Version 2.1.214

```

---

## Getting Started

1. clone this project 
2. in the project's main folder, Running a Maven build via the command line bellow.

```yaml
1- mvn clean install
```

## Run the project
Go to the *class*: Main.class right button and run

##  Running the test
It is also possible to just run the test phases of the Maven life cycle.
using the command line bellow:
```yaml
mvn test
```
##  Files CVS
If necessary to read more cvs file, put this files in the folder on the project **files/**

## Links
#### GET
`Up is reponsable for reading the cvs file and saving in database.` [Up](#http:localhost:8080/up) <br/>
`worst-film is reponsable verify the consecutive winners and get longest gap between two consecutive awards. ` [worst-film](#http:localhost:8080/worst-film) <br/>
